---
title: Exploring  100 great authors!
layout: post
date: 2018-04-17 22:44
image: "/assets/images/markdown.jpg"
star: true
category: blog
author: M4ML
---

<style>
		a {
			 text-decoration: none;
			 color:#C0D7EF;
		}
		b, h3 {
			color:grey;
		}
		h1 {
		color:#C0D7EF;
		}
</style>

### TakeAways from "One Hundred Years of Solitude"
Shaping my ideologies through great books!

I have never been of those kids who were obsessed with books. But I was always inspired by people who read books and by people whose hobby was reading. One of my favorite quotes is "Fake it till You make it" , it is inspired by the disciplines of Sigmund Freud and Alfred Adler, who  developed a therapeutic technique that they called "acting as if".<br>
So, after I got accepted to the university I had a very clear goal that I must start reading and make it my hobby. So, already couple of years have past, I understood that there is no other activity that can add more dimensions to my brain than reading and exploring the great authors.<br>
I was 16 when I have chosen by myself the first book in the library that has opened the doors to the great multidimensional world of books. This was a book shaping my introductory view on the discipline of philosophy. The book was "Sophie's World" novel by Norwegian writer Jostein Gaarder. I would suggest it to every single person who wants to explore and start questioning this great universe through philosophy.<br>
I am 21 years old now, I have read books from very diverse disciplines and authors. Today is the day I have decided to start accomplishing one of the goals of my bucket list. The goal is to read at least one novel from 100 greatest writers of the world. This is important for me as in this century of data it's easy to find the best authors rated on very different factors and start to explore their life perspectives. I am taking as a reference the ranked list [here](https://www.ranker.com/list/best-writers-of-all-time/ranker-books?ref=collections&l=684620&collectionId=1563). While I am not going to follow the presented sequence. The way I will choose the author from the list will depend on varios subjective  factors. 
I am starting with Gabriel García Márquez - "One Hundred Years of Solitude". I will share my own analyses of the novel in the future post, which can be found [here ](https://m4ml.github.io/blog/2018/04/18/gabriel-garcia-marquez.html).<br>
I am also going to share my subjective list of great books that have shaped me and my beliefs [my book list ]().